Enough is enough, go back and reflect on it.
And you two
Father, wait a minute
It was they who stopped Wang Xun from saving you several times
Almost got you killed
You can't forgive them so easily
Wang Xuan
What do you think? Should I let them go?
As long as you say it, I will hurry up.
The old man is testing me
It seems that there is no hope for being the concubine today
The emperor responds
Let them go back and reflect
Very punishment
Wang Qian
You're very smart.
I woke up cold
Fanzhi
The king is a nemesis
Bounty thousand taels
Emperor Xie
Wang Xue, why did you let them go so easily?
Did you forget how they framed us?
You make it clear
Otherwise, I will kill you
Hmph, you can still collect it.
Someone must have bought it.
Why don't you let your subordinates cut it directly?
Save waste of words